

    Devpost

    Join a hackathon
    Host a hackathon
    Resources

     
    Ibrahimboutal

Notifications

Loading...
Google Cloud Rapid Agent Hackathon

    Overview
    My projects
    Participants (1782)
    Resources
    Rules
    Project gallery
    Updates
    Discussions

Google Cloud Rapid Agent Hackathon
Building Agents for Real-World Challenges
Find teammates
Who can participate

    Above legal age of majority in country of residence
    Specific countries/territories excluded

View full rules

Submissions open soon

View schedule
May 5 – Jun 11, 2026
Online
	
Public
1782 participants
Google
Devpost icon rgb30px Managed by Devpost
Databases Machine Learning/AI Open Ended
About the challenge

AI that doesn't just provide answers—it helps you take action.

Building Agents for Real-World Challenges is your opportunity to move beyond the chatbot and into the world of agents that accomplish tasks for you. This hackathon is designed for every level of technical builder: whether you are writing your first script or architecting complex systems, this is your chance to build an agent that can reason, plan, and execute tasks under your oversight.

Built with Gemini’s advanced reasoning and our technology partners' solutions, you will create agents that help people get more done. You provide the logic; Gemini provides the brain; our partners provide the superpowers.

Turn your ideas into agents that solve real-world problems.
Partners and prizes to be announced on or around May 5th!
Requirements
The Challenge

Your mission is to engineer a functional agent that solves a real-world challenge—specifically targeting your work, personal life, hobbies, or daily routines. We want to see how AI can tackle real-world problems.

Your Goals:

    Move Beyond Chat: Your agent shouldn't just answer questions. It should use tools and capabilities to accomplish tasks (e.g., managing a local database, automating a hobbyist workflow, or interacting with a live web service).
    The Multi-Step Mission: Build a system that can handle complex goals. Your agent should be able to plan the steps and use the tools at its disposal to finish the job, while keeping you in control.
    Partner Power: Your solution must demonstrate a meaningful integration with at least one participating partner’s solution using MCP to give your agent its "superpowers."

How to Build:

    Google Cloud Agent Builder: Ideal for rapid prototyping, building, and scaling. Use this low-code, high-power environment to build and orchestrate agents with grounding in your own data.

 
What to Build

Build a functional agent—powered by Gemini and Google Cloud Agent Builder—that integrates a Partner Entity’s MCP server to solve a real challenge.
 
What to Submit

    Include a URL to the hosted Project
    Include a URL to your open-source code repository for judging and testing. 
        The repository must be public and include a complete open source license file. This license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section)
    Include a ~3 minute demo video
    Select which challenge you’ll be submitting for
    Your completed Devpost submission form

Devpost Achievements

Submitting to this hackathon could earn you:
First online hackathon
X Hackathons
level 1
Hackathon Winner
level 1
Generalist
Judges
A qualified panel of judges will be revealed around May 5

A qualified panel of judges will be revealed around May 5
Judge applications are not being accepted.
Judging Criteria

    Technological Implementation
    Does the interaction with Google Cloud and Partner services demonstrate quality software development?
    Design
    Is the user experience and design of the project well thought out?
    Potential Impact
    How big of an impact could the project have on target communities?
    Quality of the Idea
    How creative and unique is the project?

Looking for a team?

Browse Participants or chat on Discord to find teammates.
To-dos

Join the Discord

Dismiss

You're registered for this hackathon.
Unregister Edit registration questions

Questions? Email the hackathon manager

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Messaging
Devpost

    About
    Careers
    Contact
    Help

Hackathons

    Browse hackathons
    Explore projects
    Host a hackathon
    Hackathon guides

Portfolio

    Your projects
    Your hackathons
    Settings

Connect

    Twitter
    Discord
    Facebook
    LinkedIn

© 2026 Devpost, Inc. All rights reserved.

    Community guidelines
    Security
    CA notice
    Privacy policy
    Terms of service 

